# DeepShipIn order to fill the gap of an underwater acoustic classification dataset and for development of more more accurate underwater acoustic classification techniques, we construct and propose a real world large scale underwater acoustic dataset, named DeepShip. We hope that availability of a good benchmark data set will promote and accelerate the research in this field. The advantage of real world acoustic dataset is that audio data of marine vessels is recorded in a real world sea environment in different seasons and situations. Along with vessels signals, recorded signals also have human natural background noise, marine mammal noise and noise of any other human initiated activity. It is to mention that only those recordings are included in dataset when only one ship appearing within an area of 2 km radius of the hydrophone deployment site to minimize noise generated by other ships. This dataset is consist of 58  hours  and  43  minutes of real world underwater recordings of 234 ships of five classes. Data recordings done by hydrophone during all seasons of year. Data for four commercial ship classes is provided. These classes include Oil Tanker, Tug, Passenger ship, Cargo ship. Moreover, mechanism for collection, labeling, features and categorization of the sample audio data for the database is also provided.

keeping in view the limitation of file size and space on github directory, a part of dataset could be uploaded on this repository. The remaining part can be downloaded by sending the email to mradonis2002@gmail.com 
